Adds deprecations page (#1639)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/deprecations/index.md

---
title: Deprecations
description: Upcoming and past deprecations by version for Octopus Server
position: 300
---

## Overview

From time to time, Octopus will deprecate features that are no longer going to be supported, and will eventually be removed.

Deprecations have the following lifecycle:

- Announce deprecation
- (+6 months) Toggle off deprecated functionality
- (+1 year) Remove deprecated functionality

:::warning

> Deprecations are subject to change in detail or timeframe. If you need help assessing the impact of a deprecation on your particular Octopus Server configuration, please please [email our support team](mailto:support@octopus.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecations are subject to change in detail or timeframe. If you need help assessing the impact of deprecation of a feature on your particular Octopus Server configuration, please contact our [support team](https://octopus.com/support).
```

:::

## Deprecations for 2023.1

> None.

Reviewer: Minor point: Is this a placeholder? Or would every version have a heading - that could get large quickly (4+ a year)? Would it be better to place a deprecation header when we deprecate things in a specific version?

Author: It is a placeholder. And yes we will likely only put a header in if we are deprecating something. I more just wanted to communicate the structure of it for now.
